INTRODUCTION xlv

cums'tances of his conversion are not
known ; but he is known to have become
Bishop ol Tricca in Thessaly. According
to the ecclesiastical historian Socrates,
he established the rule that every priest
who did not separate ¹lrorn his wile alter
his ordination should be deprived ol his
office. Another ecclesiastical annalist,
Nicephorus, relates that, on a provincial
synod accusing the Aethiopica ol being
injurious to young people, t e author was
reduced to the alternative ol agreeing to
the suppression ol his book or of losing
his e rscopal office. Heliodorus, il we
ueriti} {inhaerentia
Valois, Petau, Huet, and other critics
have reluted this improbable story. Even
il he had wished it, Heliodorus could not
have suppressed his romance, and be-
sides, nothing in the work called lor
measures so severe. The Α ethiopiae is
irreproachable on the scote ol morality.
As a literary production, it is the master·
piece ol its kind amongst the Greeks.

Ι The plot ol Theagenes and Chariclea
being somewhat intricately set lorth, the

 

