xvi ’ . INTRODUCTION

produced her Aristides. At any rate, like
Miletus‚.this city was famous forits lond·
ness=for pleasure, and it is in one ol 'the
two that the Greek romanco writers, asa
rule, place the sceneos their stories. ι ⁴

' · ,The Milesian Tales exhibit the first form

ol the erotic tales of antiquity. They were
slight and hasty sketches, like the. Fan
liaux ol the Middle Ages (only in prose)
. and the No'uvelles of Boccacio's Decameron,
or the Heptomeron . of Marguerite ol
Navarre. Intended solely to amuse and
excite sensual imaginations, they at
first had no literary pretensions, and,
being more natural, were the? more agree-v

, able. Perhaps, as a mle, they were not

longer than the stories of the same kind
which were extracted from various> his·¹
torians by Parthenius ol Nicaea to fumish
his friend Cornelius Gallus with subjects
for · elegy. We see from the work ol
Parthenius, horna similar collection ol
stories. by Plutarch, from some of the
Narratiocs of Conon, and the Varia His·
toria ol helian, that the influence of the
Milesias Tales made itself felt even in'
history, into which it introduced a num·
ber ol . erotic and, for the most part,
imaginary episodes.

 

