INTRODUCTION xiii ·

in the absence ol all restraint in-'their
pleasures.' A ²Sybarite remarked, “ ln
all ¹my travels 1 have only found one
lree cit , Miletus.” Miletus, the birth-
place oi! Aspasia and so many courtesans,
as famous as those ol Corinth, afforded,
in lact, the model ol the kind ol inde·
pendence which won lor it the admiration
of the inhabitants ol Sybaris and estab-
lished friendly relations between the two
cities. Miletus, like Sybaris, gave birth
to a host ol agreeable, but mostly licen-
tious stories, which spread throughout
Greece, together with the renown ol these
two cities, the taste lor their pleasures.
In vain was Miletus desolated by the
Persian War; in vain was Sybaris de·
stroyed3 the Milesion and Sybaritic Tales
succeeded to the prosperityol both. These
tales formed the delight ol degenerate
Rome. Alter the deleat at Carrhae, a
collection ol stories ol this lrind= was
found amongst the baggage oi a Roman
officer, and the Surena read it to the
Senate of Seleucia, to give them an idea
ol the manners ol the arrogant people

who claimed to be able to ευῑῃξῗεῐε
the Parthrans.¹ Albinus (the nv of

¹ See Plutarch, Life of Crassus, ch. 3²·

 

