rue Aerurorucr 149

fectly white oxen; a purple cloak, ern·
broidered with gold, enveloped her down
to her feet. Round her waist was a
girdle, a masterpiece of work, the like
of which never had been, and never would
be seen. It represented two serpents, the
tails of which were intertwined over her
hack3 their neclrs, brought beneath her
bosom, formed hy their interlacing a
graceful lrnot, lrorn the midst ol which
their heads hung down on one side and
the other as an appendage3 you would
have said that the serpents not only ap·
peared to climb, but really did so; so
lile-like were they. Their aspect was
neither frightlul nor alarming3 they rather
seerned to be buried in a languid sleep
and lulled by the pleasure ol reposing
upon the young girl's bosom. They were
wrought in dart-coloured gold, which had
been artificially blackened‚ in order to
represent, hy this mixture ol blaclr and
gold colour, the roughness and changing
appearance ol the scales. Such was the
maiden's girdle. Her hair was not com·
pletely tressed up, nor quite unconfined;

 

