THE AETHIOPICA ro ,

wounded young man, who had gradually
recovered, while his features resumed their
ordinary expression. ¹

1v. At length the captain of the band
drew near, laid his hand upon the young
girl, and commanded her to get up and
follow him. Guessing what he meant
(although she did not understand his
words), she began to drag the young man
along with her, who himself refused to
part from her; then, pointing the dagger
towards her breast, she threatened to kill
herself, unless they took him as well. Her
gestures, rather than her words, explained
her meaning to the Captain, who, hoping
that the young man, if he recovered, might
be 0f great service to him, diemounted and
ordered his esquire to do the same, and
bade his prisoners mount in their places.
Bidding his men collect the spoil and
follow him, he himself walked on foot by
the side of the captives, to hold them up
in case they should be in danger of falling.
Nor was their lot without its compensa?
tion; the master seemed to be the slave,
and the captor the servant of the captured.

 

