run AETHIOPICA 77

of Chariclea that 1 hear? Ι believe she
is still alive, Theagenes; ior the voice that
has just struck my ear proceeds from the
inmost recesses of the cave, where 1 re·
member that Ι lest her.” “ Oh, Cnemon,”
said Theagenes, “will you never cease to
deceive me?” “Well, if Ι deceive you,
1 am myself deceived; let us see whether
this corpse be really Chariclea.” With
these words, he turned the body on its
back, and, looking at it attentively‚ ex·
claimed: “Oh, ye godsl what prodigy is
this? This is the lace of Thisbe l ’⁹ Then
he stepped back, and stood trembling and
motionless, like one dumbfounded.

VI. But Theagenes, who now began to
breathe again, with hope revived, ,called
upon Cnemon, who seemed ready to faint,
and begged him to lead him with all speed
to Chariclea. Alter a little time, Cnemon
recovered, and again examined the corpse,
and saw that it was really Thisbe ; by her
side lay a sword, which he recognised by
its hilt as belonging to Thyamis, who, in
his mad lrenzy, had lest it in the wound.
Seeing a letter in Thisbe’s bosom, he took it

 

