THE AETHIOPICA 6

robe which glittered in the rays oi the
sun, her long hair which ‘floated from
beneath her crown like that ofa Bacchante,
hanging half-way down her back, and, more
than what they saw, their ignorance ol
what had taken place-all this struck
terror into their soul.

“She is a goddess,” cried some, “either
Artemis or Isis, the divine patroness of
Egypt '⁹ ; while others declared that she
was some priestess inspired' with divine
frenzy, who 'had wrought such slaughter.
Such was their opinion; but as yet they
knew not the truth.

Meanwhile, the young girl hastened to
the youth, flung her arms around him,
wept and kissed him, wiped off the blood,
'uttered loud groans, and, although · she
held him in her grasp, seemed scarcely
able to believe her eyes. When the
Egyptians saw this, they altered their
opinion. ‘⁸ How,” said they, “can this
be the act of a goddess? would she
embrace a lifeless corpse so affection·
ately?” After this, they encouraged one
another to take heart, and draw nearer

 

