THE AETHIOPICA 7²

let Chariclea down into the cave, and the
formation of the same, which prevented
all danger ol the tire reaching the bottom‚
since it would be checked by the countless
windings and turnings. At these words,
Theogenes breathed again and hastened
to the island, in his mind already seeing
Chariclea and representing to himself the'
cave as his nuptial chamber, ignorant what
sorrow awaited him there.

They advanced in all haste, being obliged
to row themselves, for their‘ boatman, at
the beginning of the engagement, struck by
the first shouts of the enemy, as if by a
swina-goad,¹ had fallen overboard. Being
little skilled in handling their oars and
rowing together, they were carried back·
wards and forwards out of the straight
course, while they also had to contend
against an adverse wind. Nevertbeless,

their eagerness' overcame their want of
skill.

111. When, therefore, with great diffi-
culty and effort they had at last reached
the island, they hastened with all speed to
the buts, which they found already con·

¹ The meaning oi ὕσπληξ in this passage is
very doubtful.

10

 

