THE AETHIOPICA 31

beart out,' iu the words ol the poet. As ’
lor Demaeneto, the Furies immediately
began to torment her; your absence had
only inflamed her passion lor you ς she
never ceased to weep, apparently lor your
mislortunes, but in reality lor her own
unhappy late; night and day she cried‚
‘Oh‚ Cnemon‚ my dear, my darling boy,
my well-beloved l' The ladies ol her
acquaintance, when they came to visit her, ¹
were astonished, and loudly praised her,
because, although only a stepmother‚ she
showed a mother’s affection. They en·
deavoured to console her and restore her
courage; but she answered that her sorrow
was inconsolable‚ and that others did uot
know by what goads her heart was
pierced. ¹

XV. ‘⁸ Whenever she was alone, she
bitterly reproached Thisbe lor not having
served her properly: ‘ How ready you were
to do barm, how slow to assist me in my
lovel you hastened, almost before the
words were uttered‚ to deprive me ol all
that 1 held most dear, without even leav-
ibg me time to reflect or change my

 

