THE AETHIOPICA 2⁶

him amongst the members ot his clan
and family, registered his name amongst
those who had reached the age of manhood,
and secured him the standing oi a citizen
oi our country, in conformity with the
laws3 in a word, my liie's hopes were
centred in him. But he, forgetting all
this, first abused me and assaulted my

lawiul wiie; and at last, with a nahed
sword in his hand, entered my chamber

by night3 if he is not guilty oi the murder
of his own father, he has only to thank
Furtum, which inspired him with sudden
terror, and caused the sword to fall irom
his hands. 1 now, therefore, have recourse
to you, and formally denounce him. For
although, according to the law, 1 might
have slain him with my own hand, 1 did
not wish to do so; 1 am content to leave
the decision in your hands, ior 1 am con·
vinced that it is better that my son 'should
be dunished by the verdict oi the law,
rather than by death before a verdict has
been pronounced.” With these words, he
began to shed tears.

Demaeneta also wept and pretended to

 

