THE AETHIOPICA 68

an equal share oi any spoils that might be
taken, put themselves at the head oi the
expedition. The following was the reason
why they took Thyamis alive. He had a
brother named Petosiris living at Memphis,
who had by intrigue dispossessed him of
tbe dignity oi chief priest, contrary to the
custom of the country (ior he was the
younger brother). ’ This Petosiris, having
heard that his elder brother had become
the captain oia band oi brigands, and
being afraid that, ii he iound an oppor-
tunity, he might return to Memphis, or
that time might reveal his treachery3 and,
in addition, seeing that he was suspected
oi having made away with his brother, who
had disappeared, he sent messengers into
the villages inhabited by the brigands,
offering a large sum oi money and alarge
number oi cattle to any who should capture
Thyamis alive and bring him to him. The
brigands, seduced by these offers, even in
the heat oi battle did not forget the hope
oi gain held out to them ; and, as soon as
Thyamis was recognised, did not hesitate
to sacrifice a number ol their comrades,

 

