u

THE AETHIOPICA 146

harrnony. But, when a band of youths
on horeebaclr appeared behind, with a
splendidly·attired commender, the magni·
ficent spectacle soon effaced the pleasure
of listening. They were only fifty in all,
divided into two bodies of five-and·twenty;
in their midst was the chief of the sacred
embassy under their protection. Their
greaves,⁴ plaited with purple leather thongs,
were tied above the ankle ; their white
cloalrs, with purple borders round the
horton, were fastened with golden clasps
over their hreasts. All their horsea were
Thessalian and recalled in their fiery
looks the freedom of their native plains;
they champed their bits and covered them
with foarn, as if scorning a master, hut
nevertheless obeyed the guiding hand of
their ridere, in whichever direction they
turned them; they were adorned with trap-
pings and frontlets, gorgeously bedecked
with silver and gold, so curiously wrought
that it seemed as if the youths had vied
with one another in their efforts.

‘⁸ But, in spite of the brilliancy and

 

